README.md, before:

# SQLiteEncryptionUsingEFCore
This is real life example which demostrates how to use SQLite encrypted database using Entity Framework Core (EFCore). 
Database is using SQLCipher encryption. Encryption is applied to the database using DBBrowser for SQLite. DBBrowser for SQLite is free and open source tool to edit the SQLite files. 

Steps for using Encrypted SQLite database in your .Net application with EFCore. This example is using .Net Core 2.0 with EFCore 2.0


1  Add the reference of Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design in your project.

2  Add the reference of Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.Core. This is really important step. Don't add the reference of Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite. Otherwise it will not work.

3  Add the reference of SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_sqlcipher. For encryption it is required.

4  Add the following line 
   <PackageReference Include="SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_green" Version="1.1.8" ExcludeAssets="All" />
   ExcludeAssets="All" is important otherwise it will not work. For details refer to following link
  
     http://www.bricelam.net/2016/06/13/sqlite-encryption.html

Commit message:

* Changed target framework to .NET Core 3.1 (#4)
* Changed NuGET package references (see README)
+ Added new BloggingContext constructor to define the database to work with
* Changed database initialization (using connection string builder now)
* Changed use existing context connection when configuring
* Changed main program to provide two tests (update existing database, create new database)
* Changed README with new usage instructions
- Deleted blogging.db, because it'll be created during the program run, if not exists

README.md, after:

# SQLiteEncryptionUsingEFCore

This is a real life example which demostrates how to use SQLite encrypted databases using Entity Framework Core (EFCore). 

## Tipp for creating/exploring SQLite databases with encryption manually

The database is using SQLCipher encryption. To create/explore SQLite databases with encrytion manually, you may use the open source **DB Browser for SQLite**, which you can find here https://sqlitebrowser.org/ or on GitHub https://github.com/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser .

## Steps for using encrypted SQLite database in your .Net application with EFCore

This example is using **.Net Core 3.1** with **EFCore 3.1.6** and **SQLCipher 2.0.3**:

1. Add a NuGET reference to `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore` in your project
1. Add a NuGET reference to `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design` in your project
1. Add a NuGET reference to `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.Core` in your project **This is a really important step: DO NOT add a reference to _Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite_, otherwise it will not work!**
1. Add a NuGET reference to `SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_e_sqlcipher`
1. Create a connection object (`SqliteConnection`), defining the database access password in the connection string (you can use `SqliteConnectionStringBuilder`) you give to the constructor
1. Give _the connection object_ to the `UseSqlite` method, when configuring the database context
